-Oh. Hello.
1Hello there. How are you doing?C
2Awe, look at you! I didn't realize penguins could talk!F
3Aren't you supposed to be dead?M
4I’m, um, doing good.C
5Aha, yeah. Penguins can talk.F
6Uh, what? I mean, yeah. I guess you did kill me earlier. It’s kinda weird that I came back.M
-. . .
1I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t mean to hurt you.C
2So…what do you think about this weather? I think those clouds are looking a little too round, myself.F
3You do realize that when I kill someone, I usually intend for them to stay dead?M
4Oh! It’s okay. Well, I mean, no it’s not. But um, thank you for apologizing.C
5Heh. I think the clouds are pretty. But I normally avoid going outside when they’re out, cuz they make my allergies act up.F
6Wait, huh? Okay. Um. What are you even saying?M
-…this is going to sound kinda weird, but why are you even talking to me?
1In the 2D world, I don’t think I realized the damage I was causing when I attacked your town.C
2You’re adorable!F
3Honestly, I’m just surprised you’re not a pile of blood and feathers.M
4O-oh. Well, like, I have to admit. It really hurt me. But it’s not like I didn’t see it coming. Heroes seem to like to hurt people like me.C
5I am? I mean, I don’t know how I look now, cuz this world looks a lot different than before. But I mean, I guess I’m just used to how I look because…well, everyone in my family looks like me.F
6What the hell? Why would you even say that? Why is that a thing to a person that you would ever say?M
-But um, hey. Do you know why this world is in 3D and everything? I mean, like, it’s not a big deal. But like, I dunno. It’s just kinda freaking me out. It’s a weird thing to wake up to, after you…you know, killed me. In the regular world just a little bit ago.
1It’s my fault. I made a deal with a Magician, and this happened.C
2What do you mean? The world’s always looked like this!F
3I don’t really care to get into that particular discussion right now. It’s a long story.M
4Oh, you mean [Magician Name]? Y-yeah, I’ve seen him hanging around the town for a while, talking to people about performing magic for them. I never thought he was capable of anything like this, though.
5…okay, I know you think that I’m just some dumb penguin kid, but I’m 11 years old. Obviously I know that’s not true.
6But you know the answer, don’t you? You messed up our town, and then…this. Though I guess this isn’t the sort of thing heroes normally do, huh?
-It’s just; this doesn’t feel right. When heroes like you killed my parents, they stayed dead. At least, they did for me. And it’s like, I’ve looked around and yet I can’t find them in this world either? Is this supposed to be the afterlife or something? Cuz it sure does feel a lot scarier.
1I’m sorry to hear about your parents.C
2I mean, I would hope that I didn’t accidentally wish to make life a literal hell.F
3No offense kid, but suck it up. Unless there’s a way for me to change the state of the world again, this is just the way things are now.M
4O-oh. I… I don’t really know what to say to that, except thank you. Honestly, for a minute I thought you were the same person who hurt them.C
5That would be scary!F
6Well, didn’t the Magician actually do this? This had nothing to do with you. You just fell into their trick – you weren’t important.
-Is there anything you’re gonna do to change the world back to normal?
1Fix this. This wasn’t what I wished for when I spoke to the Magician.C
2Throw a giant welcoming party for all of us? Make this home. Maybe play a prank on the Magician who did this in the first place.F
3Find the Magician. Get him to actually make my wish come true; instead of whatever trickster-shit he pulled on me instead.M
4Well, if you could get him to turn the world back to normal, I would appreciate it.
5Gramma Katie and Grampa Dan don’t like me going to parties. They say people are dangerous, after what happened to the rest of my family. But…
6Okay, but what about the rest of us? We all got wishes, too.
-It’s just…so, you killed me right? But here I am, I respawned. Maybe if you turned this world back to normal, my parents might be alive too. Maybe Bubblegum and Lafitte won’t go missing trying to avenge them. M-maybe I can have my family back…
1Turn the world back into 2d? Do you think it would help?C
2How about I just get you an ice cream instead?F
3Why should I give a shit about your family?M
4I mean, I dunno! But I think so? Maybe? Can you explain how I came back to life after I died? Maybe dying doesn’t mean being dead when the world is edited. Or something.C
5Ahaha. Thank you for the thought, but I’m allergic to dairy. It’d have to be made outta coconut milk or something.F
6What the fuck? What the fuck is wrong with you? Of course you should give a shit about my family, you’re the asshole who fucking killed them. Or at least have killed countless like them. Don’t act like you’re fucking innocent. And don’t speak about my family like that.M
-I mean, I can’t tell ya what to do. But, maybe you can try to at least ask the Magician to fix everything? He’s really not that bad of a dude.
1Have you spoken to him before?C
2Yeah, he seemed plenty nice when we flirting earlier. Until he tricked me, but details.F
3No, he’s really that bad. You don’t know him like I do.M
4Yeah, I have!
5Oh! Were you guys flirting? I didn’t realize the Magician liked...well, when I spoke to him before. He wasn’t flirting with me, but he was nice.
6What, because you know him soooo well? Listen to yourself. You probably spoke to him for, like, five minutes before you trusted him to change reality. You don’t have room to talk.
-I met the Magician one time at a carnival a few years ago, back before my parents died. They took me to ride on some of the rides with my siblings, but I was scared of the rides that Lafitte and Bubblegum wanted to go on. So when I was sitting waiting, the Magician came up to me.
-At first, I was scared. I wasn’t supposed to talk to strangers and stuff, plus I have real bad anxiety. But he seemed nice? He gave me a milkshake.
-I couldn’t tell him about how I’m allergic to dairy, so I just accepted it and set it down beside me. Then we started talking.
-At first I was creeped out. Like what if he was one of those strangers that my parents warned me about? But the more we talked, where he told me about how he grew up on a barn and was bullied as a kid, too…well, I realized he was just lonely.
-He told me about what it was like having magic and having no one to share it with. I told him about how I wanna be a scientist when I grow up. We talked about how both magic and science aren’t really that different for a while after; physics, black matter, parallel worlds.
-He was really nice, although he talked over me a lot. I think he likes to listen to himself talk.
-But eventually, my parents came. They told him to get away from me, and that made him angry. He was less nice after that. Shouting angrily at them and going on about stuff that didn’t make sense. So he’s a little weird, yeah.
-But I liked him. He just needs a friend. Maybe you can be that friend?
1Thank you for letting me know about this. I’ll take it into consideration.C
2So long as he gives me a milkshake, too.F
3He sounds like a freak, to be honest.M
4Thank you. You know, you’re pretty cool. I was afraid you were gonna come kill me again when you came up to me, which is why I got all shy. But thank you for listening. Maybe heroes aren’t so bad.
5Maybe he can make milkshakes with magic! If I had powers like he did, I’d be making desserts all the time. Kinds that don’t hurt my allergies, anyway.
6Well maybe you’re the freak? You’re the idiot who let him trick you. Just…take it into consideration, please. His advice helped me find out that I wanna be a physicist when I grow up. He’s really not a bad guy.