-Hey it's you! The jerky jerk face who turned attacks me for no fudgin reason. What the cheesy kreezy is your malfunction doo doo face?
1Honestly, I was going along with societal roles and not reflecting on my own issues. I have no good reason for what I did, but I'm so sorry.C
2Whoa there short stack. You ever chopped up someone up sword style. It’s rad...ish.F
3My malfunction is that there's a lower life form in my way. I suggest you move aside.M
4Well, sorry doesn’t pay my medical bills but it’s a start.C
5Ugh. Ew.F
6Lower life form!? I’m cute dag nabbit. There’s nothing higher than cuteness.M
-Look here you farty McFart pants, I’m sick of going through life being hated. When i was just a vegetable, no one wanted to eat me. Now, you’re constantly attacking me and all my kind and all we do is look cute as buttons. I just have to know, why me? Why do you hate me so much? 
1I promise you, I don't hate you. in fact, you're the cutest veggie this side of the Mystical Mountains. I'd love to get a chalice of mead some time. Well, after I find this wizard and break this curse of course.C
2I don't CARROT all about you being a turnip or whatever. Just cuz your a radish doesn't mean you need to be so bitter!  Ha! But real talk. I have a wizard to blim blam, so move it.F
3Look, I hate most everyone. You ain’t special. Now get out of my way pip squeak. I have a wizard to strangle.M
4Really? That’s great! I’d love to go out. Wait...Magician? Did he happen to have a purple cloak and snake staff?C
5Ok I’m like seriously allergic to bad puns, so could you not? Also, if you’re talking about the Magician I know, you’re gonna be getting blam more than blimming.F
6Oh yeah? Well you’re nothing but a french kissing twig snappin loser butt. What does an idiot like you even hope to do against that magician. M
-Look, if you’re going after the magician that cursed us all, you should know, This isn’t going to be a stroll in the pumpkin patch. What do you know about that old sorcerers powers?
1Honestly, not much. But I know people are miserable because of it and I have to help them. If you could help me in anyway I’d greatly appreciate it.C
2Look Veggie Tales, all I know is he’s got the power of totally ruining my day. I fully plan to BEET him into submission. That’ll get to the ROOT of things around here.F
3Don’t worry about what I know. All you need to worry about is the same thing that crazy old wizard needs to worry about: You’re in my way.M
4Well, you turned out to be a nicer guy than I expected. Plus, I know I’ve sucked enough score from you in our earlier days. Here’s something you should know. That crazy old wizard, he’s the reason all us radishes came to life. The day he brought me to life, he wasn’t holding his staff. He looked at me in the garbage and got this weird smile, and he pointed his finger, but nothing happened. Then he looked around and picked his staff back up and pointed it at me and I came to life. That staff is his power. If you wanna beat that butt custard, you gotta get that thing out of his hands.C
5Ok, you know what. You’re on your own. Just remember that staff of his is a whole thing. Whatever you, especially a moron like you, do not touch it.  F
6You know what, I tell you what. You meet that magician and grab his staff, and you’ll be able to do whatever you want. Like be a professional full time spud bucket. M
-Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m going to go find a nice bed of dirt to hide in. 
1Well, hey you won’t have to hide long. We’ll be pub buds in no time. Believe it!C
2Well, it was nice talking to you. It was a great way to KALE time. I hope you TURNIP soon? Eh? EH?!F
3Do me a favor, and stay there forever.M